hey guys it's Casey and I'm here with
the design / concept for automated
chicken breeder that automatically
clucks the eggs without any chance of
them d spawning so how it works is
basically you have standard like chicken
breeder setup as you can see it's two by
three with signs and water at the bottom
and then signs hold up this water which
is two by three as well and what happens
is when the eggs drop from these
chickens may go in the water and the
water push them towards basidion pipes
which will collect items that you throw
at them like that and it just shoves
them in to a chest and you need these
one-way pipes so that they don't come
back up the pipes once they go in
because they have tendency to do that um
and that's the bag collection so you can
see it's clifton if you x here and i can
just apply it was to throw those in
see the drop down I go into the pipe and
it's going to go here and we go into the
chest oh and wonders laid an egg and
there it goes so the breeder part not
well that's a collection and the breeder
part is just this which you saw rail
crafts feed station you can just throw
seeds in there then the update comes
this is going to be fixed but it's
supposed to be able to take seeds but
it's just bugged so it doesn't but in
the next feed the beast update which
should be out fairly soon there's an
updated version of railcraft which has
the seeds that work there so that'll
actually take one seed and breed two
chickens and it will only do it if
they're ready to eat or whatever so
that's the concept but until that's
fixed I just have these trapdoors you
can just hop in here and feed your
chickens like so close that up and
they're going to be dropping eggs out oh
and there's one yep and it just goes
right into the pipe and into the chest
and that's really it a few found supple
this throw me a like or comment thanks
for watching